c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\bin\Debug\HeroEditor.exe.config
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\bin\Debug\HeroEditor.exe
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\bin\Debug\HeroEditor.pdb
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\obj\Debug\HeroEditor.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\obj\Debug\HeroEditor_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\obj\Debug\HeroEditor_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\obj\Debug\HeroEditor.g.resources
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\obj\Debug\HeroEditor.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\obj\Debug\HeroEditor.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\obj\Debug\HeroEditor.exe
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\obj\Debug\HeroEditor.pdb
C:\Users\Geralt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\obj\Debug\Templates\ButtonTemplates.baml
C:\Users\Geralt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\obj\Debug\Resources\Icons.baml
C:\Users\Geralt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\obj\Debug\Resources\Icons.g.cs
C:\Users\Geralt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\obj\Debug\View\Windows\HeroEditorWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Geralt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\obj\Debug\View\Windows\HeroEditorWindow.baml
C:\Users\Geralt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\obj\Debug\View\Controls\HeroView.g.cs
C:\Users\Geralt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\obj\Debug\View\Controls\HeroView.baml
C:\Users\Geralt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\obj\Debug\View\Controls\ChoiceItemsControl.g.cs
C:\Users\Geralt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\obj\Debug\View\Controls\ChoiceItemsControl.baml
C:\Users\Geralt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\obj\Debug\Templates\ItemsTemplate.baml
C:\Users\Geralt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\obj\Debug\Templates\ControlsStyles.baml
C:\Users\Geralt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\obj\Debug\View\Windows\ChoosingHeroWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Geralt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HeroEditor\HeroEditor\obj\Debug\View\Windows\ChoosingHeroWindow.baml
